My name, is unimportant, for I’ve held numerous titles throughout my existence.  My current purpose however, if one were to limit the specific timeframe to the current Era, would label me a herald.  Or a luminary perhaps.  For simplicity sake, you may refer to me as The Prophet.

My youth, in a physical sense, was beset with horrific nightmarish visions.  Visions that I couldn’t possibly communicate to you.  Not in any adequate representation given the confines of language.  Inked symbols on parchment do not convey pain to the extremities in which I have experienced.

Consequently, my mind was…  broken, for lack of a better term.  The connection to any physical plane was severed, and I drifted for some time, with no purpose.  No reason.

I was not alone though.  

Others, unspeakable things, drifted as well.  I say drifted, but do not imply any lack of purpose.  I implore you not to seek answers to these questions.  Some things are not meant to be known and a fear already settles uneasily within me,that my knowledge has somehow altered the balance.  The implications are, maddening.

I have lived a hundred thousand lifetimes, none of which were my own.  But in each separate lifetime…  each intricately threaded pattern of chaotic purpose…  there is a hidden reason.  A hunger.   Driven on a divine path that only the Goddess herself knows.

I bow before The Reaper herself, and only her.  The all-knowing divine Goddess Anashti, who is infinite and exists within all things.  The proof of this enlightenment is unquestionable.  Her will, is absolute.  Inevitable.  Her relation with Death, intimate.

At this, turning of the Ages, I hear her silent voice screaming within my mind.  All-powerful.  Commanding obedience.  

The weight of her will tortures my soul.  Beautiful, chaotic order.  Merciful in its perfection.  

I am merely her humble servant.  The messenger.  Her Prophet.  I have long-since relinquished command of my soul to her calling.  Her dark voice flows through me and her words are Death.  Her promise:  Eternal Life.
